Add react-meteor-accounts (#335)
meteor/react-packages: packages/react-meteor-accounts/README.md

```

### withLoggingIn(...)

Return a wrapped version of the given component, where the component receives a stateful prop of whether a login method (e.g. `loginWith<Service>`) is currently in progress. A higher-order component. Uses [`Meteor.loggingIn`](https://docs.meteor.com/api/accounts.html#Meteor-loggingIn), a reactive data source.

- Arguments:

| Argument | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Component | `React.ComponentType` | yes | A React component. |

- Returns: `React.ForwardRefExoticComponent`.

Example:

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import { withLoggingIn } from 'meteor/react-meteor-accounts';

class Foo extends React.Component {
  render() {
    if (!this.props.loggingIn) {
      return null;
    }

    return (
      <div>Logging in, please wait a moment.</div>
    );
  }
}

const FooWithLoggingIn = withLoggingIn(Foo);
```

TypeScript signatures:

```ts
function withLoggingIn<P>(Component: React.ComponentType<P>): React.ForwardRefExoticComponent<React.PropsWithoutRef<Omit<P, "loggingIn"> & Partial<WithLoggingInProps>> & React.RefAttributes<unknown>>;
```

### withLoggingOut(...)

> Return a wrapped version of the given component, where the component receives a stateful prop of whether the logout method is currently in progress. A higher-order component. Uses `Meteor.loggingOut` (no online documentation), a reactive data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return a wrapped version of the given component, where the component receives a stateful prop of whether the logout method is currently in progress. A higher-order component. Uses [`Meteor.loggingOut`](https://docs.meteor.com/api/accounts.html#Meteor-loggingOut), a reactive data source.
```
documentation has since been added
